Now that we have the initial data for our application,
the next thing we are going to do is build out this dashboard component right here.
So, inside of our components folder,
let's make a new file called Dashboard,
and I'm just going to build out the skeleton for this real quick.
So, now that we have our dashboard component,
the next question we need to answer is what data
does this dashboard component need from the state of our Redux store?
Again, what this dashboard component is going to be
responsible for is rendering all of the different tweets.
So, what we'll do is let's make a function down here.
We'll call it mapStateToProps.
It's going to take in this state of
our store and specifically the data we need is the tweets,
and then what it is going to do is it's going to
return an object that has a tweetIds property on it.
So, we will say Object.keys,
so we're going to grab all of the different IDs of our tweets and then we
want to call.sort so they are all sorted by their timestamp.
So, we will say tweets[b].timestamp-tweets[a].timestamp,
because again these are just the keys here.
So, now what we've done is,
if we import connect from react-redux and then we export that,
passing it, mapStateToProps, and
then invoking that second function we get back passing it Dashboard.
Now, what will happen is if we render our Dashboard,
let's go ahead in console.log(this.props),
and now inside of App.js,
let's import our dashboards so that we can see this.
This Dashboard is going to come from Dashboard,
and then here instead of rendering Starter Code, let's render Dashboard.
So now, if we look at our props,
what we should see is right here is where it is being shown.
So, you'll notice we have a dispatch method
because we hooked up our component to connect,
and we also have a bunch of tweetIds.
So, what we'll do inside of Dashboard for now is let's start rendering out the UI.
Instead of rendering all of the actual tweets,
what we'll do is we will just render the tweet ID.
Then, in the next video,
we will build out a tweet component which is responsible
for taking in a tweet ID and building out this UI right here.
But again, for now, what we want to do is inside of Dashboard,
let's render an h3,
we'll give it a className of center, so your Timeline.
Then, now, we actually want to render our unordered list.
We'll give this a className of dashboard-list.
Inside of here, we now can do this.props.tweetIds.map.
For each item or for each ID inside of our tweetIds array,
what we want to do is render a list item giving it a key.
Then as I mentioned, for now,
we will just say we have a div,
we'll say TWEET ID is going to be the ID.
So now, what should happen is we have our timeline here,
and eventually once the data comes in,
we get all of our different tweet IDs.
What we'll be able to do in the next video is we can
build out the tweet component passing it a tweet IDs,
and that will give us something that looks like this.
But before we do that, what I want to do real quick inside of,
so we'll delete this console.log,
inside of our App.js file,
I want to make it so we only render the Dashboard once the data from our initial data,
specifically from this handleInitialData invocation is finished.
So, what we'll do is let's come down here and grab some data off of our store.
What we want is the authedUser,
and then the data that we're going to pass to
our component is going to have a loading property on it,
and loading will be true if authedUser equals null.
So, what we're doing here is we're saying if the authedUser is null,
then what we want to do is,
instead of rendering the dashboard,
we just want to render null.
If it is not null,
then what we want to render is our Dashboard component.
So, eventually, what dashboard will be rendering is a UI that looks like this,
but we want to make sure that we don't even try to render that
UI until our application has finished loading the initial data,
which it will once our authedUser is not equal to null.
So, right here, if loading is true, render null.
If not, then just render our Dashboard component.
So, as I've mentioned a few times now,
now that our Dashboard has all of the tweet IDs inside of it that we need to render,
what we'll do in the next video is we will build out the UI for the individual tweets.
So that way, instead of mapping over all of our IDs and just showing the ID,
we will map over all of our IDs and show the actual tweet.